Look, we all know Scully
has the hardest head,
but what concerns me
is the speed factor.
-Squad, listen up!
-Not now, Terry.
We're having an argument
about who would win in a fight
if we couldn't
use our arms.
Everyone agrees,
I'd bite
-the best.
-Meaningless!
True strength comes from
the pelvis, not the mouth.
There's been an assassination
attempt!
What? And you let
us just sit around
talking about
Boyle's pelvis?
I didn't let you!
Councilman Bosworth was giving
a speech at Garfield Plaza.
He was shot in
the shoulder.
Now, he's in stable condition,
but the shooter is
still at large!
We have to move!
We're locking down a ten-block
radius around the scene.
No traffic in or out.
We think our man is still
inside the area.
ESU is on site.
I'll be leading the op from
a mobile command center.
Santiago is running
perimeter control.
Peralta, you're in charge
of the manhunt
for the shooter.
Oh, my God,
it's a manhunt.
And I'm the Manhunter.
And I'm your sidekick,
the Boyhunter.
-Come on, dude.
-I'm gonna be on the news.
I'm gonna look straight
into the camera and say,
"If the shooter is watching,
I hope you like living
between St. Charles Place
and Connecticut Avenue."
-I don't get it.
-It's from Monopoly.
That's where jail is.
Whatever, it was a good line.
Keep briefing!
- [siren wailing]
-[Terry] Diaz, Santiago,
the command tent's
on the northeast corner.
We need to work fast.
The mayor's only given us
five hours
until the barricades
are lifted.
Five hours? Tell him
the Manhunter
only needs one.
Love that,
but I'm gonna keep it at five.
It's already way
too little time.
All right,
I'm seeing security cameras.
I need all that footage.
I need forensics
to run a full sweep of--
Hey, what are all these
civilians doing here?
Who's responsible for
securing the area, who
screwed this up?
Hi, I'm Officer
Debbie Fogle.
I'm so sorry,
my partner's on
crowd control.
I don't know
where he went.
It's his first week
on the job,
so he's still
learning the ropes.
All right, listen, Fogle.
We have a councilman
in the hospital
and his shooter
is still at large.
We don't have time
for this incompetence.
I want your partner
off the case, what's his name?
It's Raymond Holt.
Oh!
It's Dad--
I mean, Captain Holt!
I mean, Captain Dad.
I mean, Officer Holt.
I mean, Officer Dad.
Yep, that was it.
Officer Dad, I found it.
[theme song playing]
Detective, I thought
I saw a clue on
the sidewalk.
I apologize for not
properly securing
the scene.
No need to apologize,
I wasn't even that mad.
You said you wanted
whoever messed up off the case.
It doesn't matter.
The point is, no one
needs to get in trouble.
Look, you don't
have to pity me
just because
Madeline Wuntch
demoted me for a year,
I've been stripped
of my accomplishments
and lost the respect
of everyone in my life,
including my dog.
Cheddar? No!
Yes! Now,
he only poops for Kevin.
Oh, sir.
We don't have time
to take all this in,
there's a shooter
on the loose!
Are you guys gonna be OK
working together or not?
Of course we will!
I took an oath to
protect this city
no matter what my rank.
I have no problem
with Detective
-Peralta being
my commander.
-And I
have no problem
commanding him.
Here, watch this.
Captain, will you
please lock down
North 3rd Street if that's
OK with you, Captain.
-It certainly is!
-Impressed?
You said "please" and you
called him "Captain" twice.
Yeah, we don't have time
for this, Lieutenant.
There's a shooter
on the loose!
Traffic is shut down.
Civilians are being funneled
into the checkpoints.
Good, just wish my
guys over here could
be a little
more efficient.
Yeah, I'm looking
at you,
Detective Fuzzy Paws!
Is this Amy-hates-dogs-Amy
or Amy-extra-stressed-Amy?
It's both Amys!
I'm under a lot
of pressure.
And also,
that dog is a
piece of trash!
-[dog groans]
-OK.
I can tell something
else is going on,
you don't have to pretend to
be mad at the dog.
First of all,
I'm not pretending.
That dog sucks!
Also...
[sighs]
My period's late,
I think I might be pregnant.
-Oh, damn.
-I can't be pregnant!
Jake and I agreed
to wait at least a year
until we tried.
I haven't found an OB,
I'm not on any preschool
waiting lists,
and I spent all
of yesterday
in a room with Hitchcock
and his new cologne,
which can't be good
for the baby--
it is literally called
Zika!
OK, relax,
You're probably
not pregnant,
it's entirely possible
Hitchcock's cologne disrupted
-your cycle.
-Right, yes.
That is a very real
possibility.
-Santiago!
-Ah!
What's going on here?
Is everything OK?
Yeah, totes! [sniffs]
Right, Rosa?
Uh, totes.
Why is everyone
being all weird today?
Just get back to work
and be normal.
Yes, sir! Will do,
we'll be normal.
Nothing to stress
about here.
Hey, Fuzzy Paws!
I'm paying you to work,
not lick your butthole!
Yeah, I'm gonna get you
a pregnancy test.
OK, I know you
haven't done this
in a while,
so here's a tip--
keep your hat on.
Because of all
the standing still,
the pigeons think
we're statues
and they will poop
on you or peck you.
Both are bad.
Thank you for
the helpful tip.
Oh, I've got
ton of them.
They're mostly about
the dangers of standing.
A year on the beat
without prescription insoles
can take two years
off your life.
Any way to speed
the process up?
[laughs]
OK, I've got
a funny guy for a partner.
But seriously, you
have to monitor
your foot health.
I'll gonna send
you a pedometer
app that I use.
You're gonna love it.
It has robust social features.
We can give each
other "foot-fives"!
No, thank you,
I keep count of my
steps in my head,
like a normal person.
I'm up to 6,743
for the day.
OK Boyle, it's time
for the Manhunter
to hunt... man.
[singing]
♪ Ooh, here he comes ♪
♪ Watch out, men,
he'll hunt you down ♪
♪ Ooh, here he comes ♪
♪ Jake's a manhunter! ♪
Charles--
I love that.
Keep doing the
song while I
work the scene.
You got it!
[scatting]
OK, the bullet
lodged there
is 4 feet below the
hole in the backdrop
indicating a trajectory
of about 15 degrees,
which means the
shot was taken from either
the second or third floor
of one of the buildings
across the plaza.
-♪ Ooh, here he comes ♪
-That building's windows
don't open.
♪ Watch out men,
he'll hunt you down ♪
-That one's obscured by trees.
-♪ Ooh, here he comes ♪
Which means that the shooter
must've been located--
-On the sky bridge.
-♪ Jake's a manhunter ♪
-Officer Holt.
-Mm.
I thought I stationed you...
not here!
Right. I'm just here
in the plaza
looking for, um...
this!
A half-eaten box
of McNuggets?
-Yup, it's my lunch.
-Uh-huh.
And what type of food
is a McNugget?
Some type of a...
paella?
You had to know
that was a bad guess.
Well, the point is,
I needed my paella
and I noticed
the sky bridge,
so I thought I might
be of some help,
but I'll just go back
and stand next to a
piece of police tape
and do nothing.
Wait, stop.
How would you like
to stick around
and assist on
the case?
You sure, Jake?
I mean, there's only
room for one
Manhunter.
Boyle is right,
I don't want to overstep.
You're not overstepping.
I mean, he interrupted
the song, but whatever.
Great, I'll just
leave my paella
on the ground,
save it for later.
We all know that's
not your lunch!
So, if the shooter
was standing right here,
a standard long gun
would've ejected the casing
right over...
there, where Holt
is already putting down
an evidence marker.
Yes, I found it
quite quickly.
Great, thank you for saving me
the trouble of doing my job.
Oh...sorry.
Would you like me to pick
the evidence marker back up
so you can place it
on the ground?
-Yes!
-No, of course not.
Good work.
[both] I bet the shooter
went that way!
-Sorry.
-Yeah, it's OK.
[both] Follow me to
the service entrance!
Ugh, we did it again.
I'm so sorry.
-It's really no problem.
-Great!
Follow me, everyone!
Wait, what?
Security footage showed
no cars leaving the area,
so our shooter must've
left here on foot.
He's taking over
your case, Jake.
You have to stop him.
Well, you know,
it takes a true leader
to let someone else lead.
Ugh, that sounds exactly
like something
I would say.
Snap out of it.
Look, it's fine,
I just--
I feel sorry
for him, OK?
His assignment was
standing next to tape.
I'm still gonna
crack the case.
-I cracked the case.
-Come on!
Hot dog man, tell them
what you told me.
I saw a guy,
mid-height,
brown hair,
in a green hoodie
with an owl on it.
He had a big
bag and he was
running like hell.
That sounds like our guy.
All right, let's call it in
to give a statement
to the press.
Great idea.
He knows that I meant I would
give the statement, right?
And if the shooter's
watching,
I hope you like living
between St. Charles Place
and Connecticut Avenue.
Because that's
where jail is
in Monopoly.
A great line from
a great man,
or should I say,
Manhunter.
Yeah, he overstepped.
Boyle, gather
everyone up.
Oh, we starting a
burn book about Holt?
Let's drag him, baby!
-No, someone saw our hoodie guy.
-Right, we'll do the
burn book later.
Attention, everyone,
we have a possible sighting
of our shooter on Hoyt Street.
Detective Boyle and I
will take Alpha unit.
Smith, Fox--
You guard the burn book.
-Charles, no.
-Stand down.
You take Bravo unit.
The rest of you,
continue to
sweep the area
in case this lead
doesn't pan out.
The clock is ticking,
go, go, go!
Where should I go, Detective?
I'd love to be of service.
Captain Holt!
I mean... dude!
I haven't seen you since
your big news conference,
which I just loved.
Ray, there you are!
I can't believe
you left your post again.
Detectives, I'm sorry for
my partner's bad boy behavior.
I am not a bad boy,
I'm trying to
catch bad boys!
If anything, I'm a good boy.
That's exactly what
a bad boy would say.
It's definitely not, and
no need to apologize,
-we have a job to do.
-Great! Where do you want us?
Someone matching
our shooter's profile
was just seen over on
Atlantic and 4th,
I need you both there
immediately, can you handle it?
Absolutely not,
it sounds like
way too much
responsibility.
Don't listen to Debbie.
We're on it!
[Jake]
All right. Bye!
What's going on?
The guy's on Hoyt Street.
I know, I gave Holt
a fake lead
to get rid of him.
Don't worry, I'm still
the Manhunter.
♪ He's the Manhunter! ♪
♪ And the boy
who he hunts with ♪
-What's this song?
-The Boyhunter song!
♪ Boyhunter, down
by the schoolyard ♪
-Why is he by the schoolyard?
-He's gotta protect the kids!
-Sounds terrible!
-Really? I don't hear it!
Let's just go.
OK, good news.
I found
a bodega in the
containment zone
and got a bunch
of pregnancy tests.
-A bunch?
-Yeah. It's a New York bodega,
you can't be too cautious.
Good point.
Yep, expired ten years ago.
Open.
And used!
Made of gummies?
Why?
Weirdly vibrating.
This is for teens.
It's dark.
-This is good.
-Great, let's do this.
Hey, Santiago, nice work
at checkpoint one.
Wait, why are you guys
being all weird again?
We're not being weird.
Do not dab!
I wasn't going to.
I know what's
going on here.
-You do?
-Yup.
You're talking about me.
I know because my daughters
are doing the same thing.
Every time I go in their room,
they get all weird and quiet.
It's 'cause they're
making fun of Daddy.
Is that what you're doing,
making fun of Daddy?
-First off--
-Yeah, I heard it.
-I'm sorry.
-Great.
Secondly, we're not
talking about you.
What are you
talking about, then?
Our favorite...
porns.
-What?
-It's true.
We have specific
favorite porns.
[whispers]
And we're talking about 'em.
-[whispers] Yeah.
-OK, legally,
I feel as though
I need to back away.
But I want it
to be known
that I still do not
believe you!
Get back to work!
Eh, that went well.
All right.
Let's take this thing
and get it over with.
-I can't.
-What? Why?
I have no pee
inside of me.
I'm pee-free, Rosa!
What do I do?
What do I do?!
-Drink water.
-Oh, yeah. You're smart.
You're a very good friend.
I'm glad you're here.
Street's clear.
No sign of the shooter,
where'd he go?
-Shh, shh, shh.
-Why are you shushing me?
I'm doing that thing
where I listen
really closely
for a noise clue,
like glass breaking
or trash rustling.
Cool!
Is it working?
No, not yet.
-Because I'm talking?
-Well, it's not helping.
-Right, right, right.
I'll be quiet.
-You don't have to say
-you'll be quiet,
just be quiet.
-OK.
I'm sorry for
not being quiet.
Once again,
don't have to say.
Just wanna be clear
what I'm doing.
Understood.
I'm just gonna listen.
OK.
I'll be very quiet.
Don't have to say it.
Just wanna make sure
you know what I'm doing.
-Please stop.
-So I don't throw you.
OK, stop talking.
-I'll stop talking.
-Great.
I'll make sure
I don't do that again.
All right, Charles,
I love you, but you ruined it.
[Dumpster clatters]
[both] Trash rustle!
He's running,
call it in!
[steam hisses]
I'll follow,
you cut him off!
-[siren wails]
-[tires screech]
Damn it!
[groans]
Nice, Charles!
Name's not
Charles, it's
Boyhunter.
You know what,
you earned it.
Way to get your boy, Boyhunter!
All right, let's get our perp
back to the Nine-Nine.
I'll tell Jeffords
to lift the lock-down.
Detective Peralta!
I see you got the man
you were looking for.
With your help, Officer!
I really couldn't
have done it without you.
No, this was all you.
We were in a completely
wrong location.
Which was a huge
relief to me.
Plus, we got a
lot of steps in.
I'm drowning
in foot-fives.
Well, no need
to focus on who was where
or what a foot-five is,
we gotta start brainstorming
headlines for tomorrow's paper.
I got one.
"The Only Assassin in this City
is Jake Peralta Because
He Just Killed This Case."
I don't know if we
wanna make it seem
like I'm the assassin.
-Yeah, good thinking.
-How about this,
"Hero Cop Saves City,
Pitt, Clooney,
Circling to Play
Him in Biopic."
-Hunks!
-I have a headline.
"Pitt, Clooney Laugh
At Jake Peralta
For Arresting the Wrong Man."
Well, I don't know if they
would laugh at me for sav--
What, did you just say
I got the wrong man?
What do you mean
we got the wrong man?
What are you
talking about?
You know how you sent Debbie
and me off on a
wild goose chase?
Oh, so you figured
that out?
Well, Debbie did.
She's quite the detective.
Oh, I'm really not.
I'm just
always being given
meaningless tasks,
and I'm not complaining.
So what, you're just saying
we have the wrong guy now,
because you're upset
about the fake lead?
No, I'm saying you have
the wrong guy because you do.
When I realized your lead
was nothing but hooey,
I went back to re-interview the
hot dog man, but he was gone.
And why was that?
Debbie, tell 'em!
Oh, no, I don't want
to be a part of this.
Because the hot dog man
is the shooter.
What?
That seems like a reach.
Sometimes, when you reach,
you grab the truth.
Sorry, Jake,
he turned it around on me.
-Come on!
-The hot dog man
gave a false statement
to throw us off the scent
and then vanished while we
were off looking
for the wrong guy.
Face it, you're
no Manhunter.
If anything, you're a
Wrong Manhunter.
[gasps]
How dare you!
You know what?
This is crazy.
You're just making
up a solve because
you can't stand the fact that
you got demoted.
You've been trying to hijack
this case all day.
I was only trying to help.
If I'm such a headache,
then why didn't
you reassign me?
Because I felt sorry for you.
I told you to
treat me like
any uniformed officer.
It's not my fault that you
don't know how to
give an order!
OK, fine!
Here's one.
We're lifting the lock-down,
-go pick up cones.
-Ooh, I love cone duty!
Debbie, can it!
We have the wrong guy.
You cannot lift
the lock-down.
Go pick up cones,
that's an order.
-No!
-Fine, then you're off the case!
Good!
Do I still get to
pick up cones?
[Jake and Holt]
No!
Amy, stop.
You've had enough water.
I can hear it sloshing
around inside you.
I know, but I
still can't pee!
-I'm too stressed.
-You need to calm down.
You know what helps me relax?
-Kicking stuff?
-Absolutely.
So, what or who
do you wanna kick?
That guy looks
pretty kickable.
Hey!
I'm not kicking
anybody, OK?
I just need, like,
some calming noises.
OK, close your eyes.
OK.
Glub, glub, glub.
What is that?
It's a babbling brook.
Glub, glub, glub.
You know what?
It's pretty good.
Thank you.
Everybody! Shut up!
Glub, glub, glub.
Why is the tent
so quiet?
Is everybody talking
about me now?
Nobody is talking about you.
Sure.
Terry walks into a tent
and everybody just
happens to stop talking
at the same damn time?
You are gaslighting me,
just like my daughters!
Terry, I think you're
being paranoid.
I'm not paranoid!
I put a recording device
in my girls' room.
You planted a bug in
your daughters' room?
I do what I
have to do.
They said I look like
a giant triangle!
-Is that an insult?
-I don't know!
But they were laughing
like it was,
and it hurt just the same!
Don't have kids!
Well, that ruined
everything.
I know we got
kicked off the case,
but there is good news.
I unlocked a new accessory
for my Foot Friend avatar:
a sandal!
Debbie, wait.
Change of plans.
We're not going back
to the precinct.
Are we gonna go rogue
and pick up cones?
Oh, we're going way more
rogue than picking up cones.
Listen, it's unlikely
our shooter
had his own hot dog cart--
where'd he get it from?
Please don't make me
help you with this.
My guess is the
food cart garage
just two blocks away
from our crime scene!
Or, shall I say,
238 steps.
Don't tempt me
with steps.
This is a defining moment
for you.
You can either obey orders
for the rest of your life
and make no impact
on the world,
or, stand up!
And solve this
case with me.
Is there a third option?
-Nervously tag along.
-Great.
I choose the nervously-
tag-along option.
OK, the reporters are all
set for your press conference.
-It's your big moment,
are you excited?
-No.
Oh, are you worried
about your voice cracking?
-Do you want me to help you
warm up your throat?
-What would that entail?
-I'll just show you.
-Don't show me, tell me.
I blow hot air in my hands
and I stroke your neck.
Not gonna happen,
and it's not why I'm stressed.
I think Holt got into my head.
We might have to delay
the press conference.
But this is the moment
we've been waiting for.
My dad's driving home early
from his brother's funeral
to watch it live.
Wait, he's doing what?
If you want me to put it
in a better context, I can't.
This was very important to him.
Holt is a great cop,
and I know the demotion's
driving him crazy,
but his gut is usually right.
I think we need to find
that hot dog cart guy.
OK, fine.
But who do we know
that could find us
a random New York
hot dog guy?
[Def Leppard's
"Pour Some Sugar on Me"]
♪ Hey! ♪
So, you need a little help
from the Weiner Warriors.
Well, I hate that.
Just tell us what
you know, please?
There's Lou's Dogs, he
serves 'em up real plump.
Big Mike's does
two dogs per bun.
Hank's Franks--
great mustard selection.
Vicki's Vegan?
I'd rather eat [bleep].
Charlie does an al dente dog,
it's got a really nice chew.
Johnny Arkansas serves it
Little Rock style,
although he can serve it
-Razorback-style.
-OK, enough!
We don't have time
for this!
Just tell us who has a cart
at 6th and 11th.
-Oh, there are no
hot dog carts there.
-What? Never?
-No way.
-Not a chance!
Zoning issue.
Forget about it, Jake.
It's Hungertown.
Oh my God,
Holt was right.
We have to call him.
Officer Holt?
Officer Holt, do you copy?
OK, cop.
Turn it off.
[Debbie]
Nice try.
My partner doesn't
follow orders.
Debbie, you're misreading
the situation.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
We both--
both follow orders.
So you were the shooter,
just like I said.
And the man in the hoodie
was just some random bystander
on whom you tried to pin it!
No, he was in on it too.
Oh.
Well, I'm still half right.
Sure. Is that
important to you?
-Very.
-I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna die before
I ever got to find
-my twin sister's killer.
-What?
That's the reason I joined
the force, remember?
To find the man
who murdered my twin sister.
That's my whole story!
Debbie, there's no way
you told me that.
[groans loudly]
Nothing's working!
Maybe you just
need to laugh.
Here, look at this video
of a man being trampled
by a moose.
[moose grunts, hooves clop]
[man screams]
Dear Lord, that's horrifying!
[chuckles]
Ah no, it's hilarious.
What are you laughing at?
Is that a video of me?
Oh, no, is it that time
Terry fell off a Lime scooter?
Why would any of us
have that footage?
Don't skirt the question!
I wanna know
what I'm falling off
of in that video.
Stop it, Terry, OK?
We haven't been
talking about you!
[gasps]
Oh. Kicking.
I think kicking's working.
Told you.
Go with it.
Keep kicking that can.
[grunts]
[gasps]
It worked, I have to pee!
I finally have to pee!
Wait, this is about
you having to pee?
-[both] Yes!
-Wow.
I guess I owe you guys
an apology.
I may have been bringing
some things from home
-into the workplace.
-Yeah!
That was clear
from the start, OK?
Now, move,
I need to find a bathroom.
Stop, we have an emergency!
Everybody stop
what you're about to do.
Yeah, but I gotta pee
really bad.
Well, hold it, Amy.
Holt's not answering his radio.
-I think he and Debbie
might be in trouble.
-It's just us, man.
-You don't have to pretend
to care about Debbie.
-Rosa!
What? We barely
know her and she's annoying.
She's always trying
to get me to be friends with her
-on that weird app
for pedicures.
-It's a pedometer app.
It's a pedometer app!
We can use the social features
to track her!
It's $80.
Uh, Boyle,
you should download it,
you get better service here.
Smart!
And I'll upgrade
to ad-free too.
-Smart.
-OK, let's move!
Sweet!
We're running, OK.
If I die, will you look
after my cat?
I'm really more
of a dog person.
-I understand.
-[door slams]
-NYPD, nobody move!
-You're surrounded!
Don't do anything stupid.
Looks like we got
ourselves a standoff.
Fine by us, we got
all the time in the world.
What? Uh-uh!
I gotta pee!
[growls]
Perp secured.
Great, OK, cool!
I gotta go!
You guys are good, right?
Bye!
Thanks for saving us,
Peralta.
Thank Debbie. We tracked you
using her pedometer app.
Oh, my goodness,
I helped!
[chuckles]
And I got four new
Foot Friend requests!
What a day, guys!
[laughs]
[Holt]
Detective.
I believe I owe
you an apology.
No, Officer,
I owe you one.
No, I owe you.
Great, 'cause I hadn't
thought of
what I was gonna
apologize for yet.
I should not have
disobeyed your order.
I was wrong.
Not about the case, of course--
my hunch was impeccable.
Interesting apology
strategy,
a little heavy
on the brags.
Point is, you
were right.
I hijacked the
case because...
I need to feel respected.
[sighs]
Listen,
it's weird that I'm
your boss now,
and that's not
going anywhere,
but no matter what
uniform you wear,
I'm always gonna
love you--
I mean, cherish--
I mean, respect.
-You said respect, right?
-Yes.
Yep.
And I feel the
same about you.
So, do you have
any orders for me, sir?
Well, I do actually
still need those cones
picked up.
We're on it.
We got cone duty?
Yes!
Best birthday yet.
It's your birthday?
[Amy]
Hey, so...
today was
pretty intense.
You mean catching
the shooter?
I know, it's
a great story.
I just hope Pitt can get
in good enough shape
to play me in the
movie, you know?
Mm, yeah.
Um, also, something
else happened.
I thought I might be pregnant.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I'm not, I got
my period.
And I took a pregnancy
test, but it didn't work
because I drank
11 gallons of water.
Told you water
was bad for you.
-That's not the takeaway.
-You're absolutely right.
How are you, how do
you feel? Are you OK?
I mean, I was
really stressed.
This wasn't our plan,
and we agreed
we'd wait a year,
and there's so much
to do first,
and it would've
been crazy, right?
Yeah, it would've been.
OK.
But,
also might've been...
kinda cool.
Honestly...
I was secretly bummed
when the test came
back negative.
Should we just
start trying?
Seriously?
Yeah, seriously.
OK. Yeah.
[both chuckle]
Oh, wait!
It's after 11.
-[gasps]
-My interview!
It's supposed to be
on the news.
An incredible conclusion to a
terrifying day,
and we were able
to get a comment from the men
who helped
solve this case.
They call us the
Weiner Warriors.
No!
-Not a doctor.
-Shh.
Fremulon.